[Music]
hey everybody welcome to another episode
of impact theory today we're going to be
talking about what i think is one of the
most important things you could be
thinking about and researching right now
and that is crypto
and the blockchain and specifically nfts
now why do i think that this is so
important one i think that this is going
to forever change the way that we
interact with the world and with the
internet and what blockchain is really
introducing is a revolution of
sovereignty as some say it is certainly
going to put the power back in your own
hands now having said that none of what
i'm going to say as i answer these
questions is financial advice you
definitely need to do your own research
and my only ask is that you do that
research i really feel that this may be
the single greatest moment of wealth
transfer that any of us are going to
live through and if you look at it and
you reject it and you say that you know
what i understand it from a first
principles position and i don't think
that it's going to be anything fine i
can't see the future i absolutely could
be wrong but i feel this tremendous
sense of a moral obligation to let
people know what's happening that this
major
transformational moment is happening
right now before our eyes and many
people have said
and i completely agree with the analogy
that what's going on in blockchain right
now is exactly like what happened to the
internet in 97
and i mean that very specifically in
terms of nfts and the way that nfts
don't think of it as art which we will
talk about
recognize that it's a technological
layer that happens to manifest as art in
one case but there are many ways that it
can actually manifest we're going to
talk a lot about that
don't think about it as art understand
it as a technology think from first
principles and see how it's going to
integrate into the world because it's
going to make the world
way more interactive and personalized
and i'm talking about the real world not
just online that will have huge
implications there as well all right
let's dive into the questions
what exactly are nfts what's the best
way to start investing in them and can
you share links or courses to workshops
to learn and polish these skills
okay so first and foremost
just uh
the key orienting mechanism is to
understand what the underlying
technology is and then from there we can
get into where you can go to learn more
but understanding that underlying
technology is
really critical nft stands for
non-fungible token
now to understand what a non-fungible
token is i think the best thing is to
understand what a fungible token is so
money the traditional what people call
fiat currency here in the u.s uh and in
most countries around the world is a
fungible
item so if you have a 10 bill and i have
two fives we can exchange those and they
retain the same amount of value so my
two fives are worth exactly what your
110 is we exchange that you now have the
same value that you had before even
though you have something that is
technically different so that's fungible
they can be exchanged once we know what
their value is uh
on the non-fungible side what you're
doing is you're making something truly
unique so the example that i think is
really powerful is to think of the mona
lisa so i could give you a brush stroke
perfect replica of the mona lisa but
because one of them was painted by
leonardo da vinci and one of them wasn't
the one that was made by leonardo da
vinci is considered to be far more
valuable so
knowing which is which becomes
critically important now traditionally
online everything was fungible because
it was just zeros and ones so if you had
a digital image i could just go
screenshot that digital image your
digital image is completely fungible
with my version of that image so a
digital replica of the mona lisa was
exactly the same as another digital
replication of the mona lisa the same as
another digital replication of the mona
lisa what the blockchain introduces is a
way to prove
that any given digital item is different
from another digital item
and this is the critical part this is
the part that people are not yet
understanding
because you hold
a specific nft that the blockchain knows
that you're the owner
knows what utility belongs with that or
i should say because it knows you own it
other applications can read that you own
that thing and give you utility that's
really how it works
now because of that
people can imbue things with incredible
utility so it isn't just that you own
that piece of art though that is a
really important part of the energy
that's pouring into the space right now
but again art is only one example of
what this can do so let me give you an
example right now we're building out our
first impact theory drop we did a neon
future drop which was my sort of genesis
as a creative but we're now doing a
genesis drop which is just a fancy way
of saying your first drop for impact
theory the company and we're imbuing it
with an insane amount of utility
meaning that there are going to be
things that if you buy one of these and
you have it in your wallet and we'll
talk more about wallets later for now
just know that there's this digital
thing called a wallet that when you buy
an nft it goes into that wallet and now
somebody like me a company
can have you connect your wallet so that
we can see what's in it we see oh cool
you have one of the it tokens whatever
that thing is ultimately going to be
called we haven't announced it yet so
you've got one of those special it keys
you're part of the it club and now we're
going to because we recognize you have
it we're going to give you access to
things that other people are not going
to have access to it could be early
access to one of our future nft drops it
could be
free access to the different courses in
impact theory university that we offer
it could work as a ticket to get into
one of our live events
and on and on and on
all because the blockchain tells me the
company owner that definitively you are
the owner of this thing and because i
know you're the owner right again it's
non-fungible so somebody couldn't come
along with something else let's say
somebody else's token
and get these same things out of me
because programmatically i can check the
blockchain and say yes that person
really does own it yes that really is an
impact theory token so therefore i can
give them this additional benefits or
whatever the case may be so let's say
that i make that token an image
and so what you're buying technically is
a jpeg right you're going to hear that a
lot that people are just buying jpegs
why on earth do these things have value
they have value for that chain that i
just walked you through i know that your
version of that jpeg
is
authenticated by the blockchain that
that's one that you actually got from me
or from somebody who got it from me
because of course there's a secondary
market and you can trade these things
which is part of the magic of nfts and
why people are so excited about it that
you keep that value and as the value of
these nfts go up and of course they
could also go to zero but if the value
of them is going up you benefit from
that and if you decide to sell that you
capture the value and the only reason
that you're able to capture that value
is because i and everybody else can
verify that you actually own it so if
somebody went into your wallet and took
a screenshot of it and tried to say hey
that's not theirs this is mine
the blockchain says that's not true so
now for the first time even though
visually they look the same going back
to our mona lisa example the blockchain
says no no the one that was actually
created by tom at impact theory which is
now owned by sally in saskatchewan
that is the real one that was created by
impact theory this other one is unknown
right it's just a jpeg it's a fraud
so now just like in the real world there
are ways to prove that something is
yours now digitally there's ways to
prove that something is yours
and when i say that changes everything
that changes
everything
we'll definitely get more into that
later
all right now we can definitely drop
some links that you guys can check out
in order to learn more about this
but we also have a discord that you can
join the impact theory discord where we
talk all about what we're doing on the
nft side
where holders of future holders at this
point um that have that coin have
exclusive access to certain parts of
that where we can give you information
and on and on and make sure that you get
all your questions answered so that's
one place there's also a ton of videos
that are being put out there on youtube
right now they are extraordinary there
is so much free information
that you can get just by going and
looking for
just drop nft
into the search bar in youtube filter by
the last call it 30 days or last seven
days and you will see you can you know
look by what's got the most views
[Music]
and see what's going on there's so much
incredible information you just have to
take the time to go through it and
twitter and discord are probably the two
most popular places for people to learn
but if i'm honest i spend the bulk of my
time when i'm researching on youtube
all right
next question with all these different
types of crypto how do i know which one
is right for me all right so first of
all do your research
when i got into this first of all i
didn't want to get into this and shout
out to david kim who harangued me for
like six months i have never
historically
wanted to learn about investing i find
it way too complicated way too boring my
whole life has been optimized around
getting good at making money i never
wanted to have to worry about investing
money and so david was like hey you need
to really look at crypto i was like i
have no interest in this i don't want to
learn about all that stuff i want to
have my money as close to being buried
in the backyard as humanly possible i
don't actually do that so there's no
need to come to my house but that was
the sort of emotional place i was in i
didn't want to think about what was
happening with my money i wanted to make
it and i wanted it to be safe and secure
what is up everybody a few weeks ago on
this very show anthony pompliano said
that the digitized version of anything
is always better than the analog
counterpart and i couldn't agree more
laptops beat typewriters email beat
telegrams ipods beat walkmans and
netflix beat tv so here's the deal my
friends the digitized version of impact
theory is coming and if you like what
i've done for you with this channel and
the interviews and the content that we
create i've got some really good news
for you what is coming next is even
better and a whole lot bigger we've
launched a discord community you can
think of that as group chat with your
friends but on super speed which will
help you with our upcoming nft
the impact theory founders key if you
don't know what that means don't worry
in one sentence i can explain it this is
the greatest thing that impact theory
will ever create and we're launching it
on october 13th it is the future of
everything and if you want to be part of
the future of impact theory click the
link below this video and join our
discord guys i cannot wait to see you on
the inside take care
and then i realized that there is no
safe and secure because at a minimum
you're competing against inflation and
so your
money's purchasing power goes down over
time sometimes slowly sometimes
terrifyingly rapidly and so it was very
important to
understand the following statement poor
people spend the middle class save and
the wealthy invest and so i'd managed to
make myself wealthy but i didn't know
what to do with my money so because of
nfts i finally have to go learn about
the blockchain so i get excited about
nfts i see their business use case
immediately
to implement something though you need
to be able to think from first
principles to think from first
principles i had to learn about the
technology
so i embarked using youtube just like i
was encouraging you guys to do i went
down the rabbit hole of learning about
different cryptocurrencies and i started
with bitcoin bitcoin then led me to
ethereum and i learned about those and
the blockchain and the reason that i
started there were they were just the
two most popular they were the places
where the most energy was going
and
the key and i'll give you some of the
highlights but the key is to really
understand it from first principles so
that you're not just mimicking what
other people are doing that you can
create your own thesis around what these
are why they matter what the use case is
and
one thing i will say is i'm what they
call a use case maximalist so for me i'm
not just trying to flip and trade
because
quite frankly i'm too ignorant to it i
don't want to spend that kind of time in
it i see the blockchain as something
that is going to change the world and
that as a business owner i really better
understand that and then as i came to
understand it i realized that it plugged
in perfectly with the kind of things
that i need to do in order to build the
next disney so i had to learn about this
technology now whenever you're learning
about a technology you start with a
lexicon so you're going to fumble around
so you're going to go and you're going
to type into youtube whatever word you
know cryptocurrency bitcoin ethereum
nfts whatever is that starting point
that you're at
then as you get in you're going to begin
to encounter the language so you want to
start learning the terms the next thing
is that you're going to start to
figure out who the different players are
in the space and then once you figure
out who the players are you're going to
go deep down the rabbit hole of actually
gaining that expertise okay so it starts
with words lexicon then it goes to
influencers and then finally it goes to
the actual true understanding that's
going to come over time
and you need to start using it now
the fastest way to learn about
cryptocurrency is to go invest in some
again
this is not financial advice and if i
haven't already said this let me tell
you when it comes to cryptocurrency
which is an extremely volatile asset the
only thing more volatile than
cryptocurrency is nfts nfts are like the
king of volatility of lack of uh
liquidity right you can get your money
tied up in an nft and never be able to
get it out so you need to be very
thoughtful that the utility of that
thing is worth the money that you're
paying for it okay that's incredibly
important all right so the fastest way
to learn about cryptocurrency is to go
buy some but you're not going to invest
any money that you can't afford to lose
okay say that again you're not going to
invest any money that you can't afford
to lose the first thing i would do and
did is go to coinbase it's very easy
it's one of many there are many that you
can do but speaking from experience i
went to coinbase was very easy for me to
set up an account there's something
called kyc which stands for know your
customer so they're going to ask it's
anti-money laundering they're going to
ask you a lot of questions they're
probably going to make you send in if i
remember right you have to photocopy
both sides of your driver's license and
send that in
they're going to encourage you to
connect your bank account there are
other ways that you can do it i ended up
treating like an ach wire so i wasn't in
the beginning days i was not comfortable
connecting my bank account and so i gave
them my routing number and my account
number
so that i could ach money back and forth
so
follow your comfort level only do what
you understand and only do what you're
comfortable with once you have a
coinbase account then you can trade your
fiat currency just your us dollars
for
the cryptocurrency of your choice
again only invest in the ones that you
understand and believe have utility for
me i think the very first thing that i
bought was bitcoin the next thing that i
bought was
ethereum and then the third thing that i
bought again this is all based on my
understanding of the technology was
something called chain link it's
probably beyond the scope of today's
conversation but there you have it those
were the three things that i bought into
now why and as we talk about knowing
what is right for you
so the reason that i invested in bitcoin
is because the narrative around bitcoin
being digital gold and so that really
made a lot of sense to me and that's a
store of value and the reason it's a
store of value is because it is provably
scarce
okay provably scarce is the important
thing so gold has been that thing that
is provably scarce that we have for like
5 000 years agreed is going to be the
thing that we store value in meaning
i want to buy
some gold with the money that i've
earned and then that gold sits somewhere
until 1971. this was true that gold sits
somewhere in a vault and they give me
paper receipts based on the amount of
gold that i have those paper receipts
over time people realize hey i can
actually trade these because they are as
good as gold because you could literally
take that paper receipt go to the vault
where the gold is stored change it in
for the gold so people realize whoa this
is a lot easier to trade in this paper
receipt than it is in the gold standard
so we switched to paper money which you
guys all know but it was backed by gold
then in 1971 richard nixon decides hey
we're going to go off the gold standard
and we become a fiat currency fiat means
buy decree and so now by decree we're
going to say that this money has value
but it's not actually backed by anything
other than basically the full might of
the us government or any country's
government and this is why people have a
real beef with fiat currency because
they can print more of it now that's
definitely outside the scope of this
question but you get the idea so i'm
thinking whoa this is cool you've got
this provably scarce thing that unlike
gold which actually increases the amount
over time which means the value of each
individual piece goes down over time
bitcoin solves that problem there's only
21 million units that will ever be
created for always and forever that's it
period full stop never a single bitcoin
never a single satoshi which is merely a
division of a bitcoin so you don't have
to buy a whole bitcoin as a side note
you can buy one satoshi which is some
tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny fraction of a
bitcoin so trust me if you've got a
dollar if it weren't for fees you'd be
able to buy
a dollars worth of bitcoin so don't
worry you don't have to have huge
amounts of money to try this
okay so i hear this narrative that this
is provably scarce limited supply only
21 million units ever going to be made
it's not meant to replace the dollar
it's meant to be a store of value like
that gold in the vault somewhere so
instead of physical gold in a vault
somewhere i now have my bitcoin in a
vault somewhere so
that vault can be coinbase that vault
can be a ledger hardware wallet
remember when you start learning you're
learning the words so i'm throwing some
words out there that i don't expect you
to actually understand right now but
you're going to begin to learn those
which become new search terms for you in
youtube and you can go down that rabbit
hole okay so you've got your bitcoin
stored in the equivalent of a vault
somewhere and that represents however
many dollars you used at that time to
acquire so now you're storing
theoretically because again this is a
very volatile asset
you're storing value now
a reasonable question to ask is if this
is such a volatile asset why do i
consider it a store of value
there are many reasons but i'll give you
the punchline that really hit me it is
the single
fastest adopted technology in human
history
let that sink in
bitcoin
is the fastest adopted technology in all
of human history it got adopted faster
than electricity
then the telephone then mobile phones
then computers than the internet nothing
ever
has been adopted faster and when you
step back and look at i think it's 12 or
13 years that bitcoin has been around
now
as you come and zoom out all of that
volatility drops away and it is
literally up and to the right it's crazy
now again i cannot see the future nobody
can it is entirely possible that this
asset class drops to zero because just
like paper money that you're used to the
normal money
it only has value because we all say it
has value and if we all stop saying it
has value then it stops having value
same is true a bitcoin if tomorrow
everybody wakes up and decides math that
was dumb
then it stops having value
so you need to be very thoughtful about
that
now i happen to have a reasonable amount
of belief
that over time it's going to continue
going up because of what i mentioned
before humans have forever been looking
for a store of value that allows money
to maintain its purchasing power over
space and time
and bitcoin by narrative as i understand
it seems to be the most effective at
storing value over space and time
because it's digital it has a hard cap
there will never be more of it and its
adoption is ridiculously fast now
the only thing the only technology ever
that shows an even faster adoption curve
than bitcoin
is ethereum now ethereum hasn't been
around as long so who knows again maybe
it goes to zero
and that notion of there's only one gold
so there's probably only going to be one
digital gold
that's why i'm more bullish on
bitcoin than i am on ethereum but in
full disclosure my portfolio is
in terms of value
is almost 50 50.
even though as of today i've put in
about half the money into ethereum that
i have into bitcoin so with half of the
input
i've gotten
the same amount of value
in ethereum that i did in bitcoin
now this could this changes day by day
so who knows what that's going to be
tomorrow who knows what it's going to be
in a year from now i have no idea
so but that's the way i think about it
so bitcoin you've got as gold and then
the way that people refer to ethereum is
the if bitcoin is digital gold then
ethereum is digital oil
and they literally call the fees on
ethereum gas fees
so that's like if you think about one is
used constantly and the other is a store
of value that's a good way to think
about now if i'm honest in my daily life
the way that i think about ethereum is
as money because i spend it constantly
so i'm buying it not just to have a
store of value i'm buying it so that i
can buy nfts that i can be engaged in
that community and other goods that will
pop up over time
that you're able to purchase with
ethereum right now the big ones are to
lock your money up in d5 which is like
putting in a bank account and earning
interest
and i know precious little about d5 so
take that with a grain of salt
and then
in
nfts and i have spent a substantial
amount of money in nfts
whether i am up in the long run is a
huge question mark as of right now it
looks like i'm up tremendously but again
nfts are extraordinarily
volatile and extraordinarily illiquid
which means there isn't people
constantly buying it like you get with
bitcoin and ethereum
okay
that's a wall of information
hopefully you can go back listen to that
again because there's a lot of very
usable points in there but those are the
two big things that i have invested in
that third again is chain link because
it has utility i'm not going to go into
that for now but it has utility in the
nft world because my entry into this is
all about nfts because as a business
owner i'm thinking about how to
integrate nfts into our business
strategy that led me to chain link i
could immediately see how i was going to
need it in my own business which then
made me think okay well if i'm going to
need it i'm sure a lot of people are
going to need it and so that was why i
invested in it again and what's known as
a utility maximalist so whatever i'm
buying i'm not just buying because i'm
hoping that it's going to go up i'm
buying it because i understand it
and i understand how it's used
and i have a bet that when i look out at
the future of what's going to happen
with the world that that use case is
going to continue to be relevant
and that is a very good way to think
about it so you have a thesis and you
buy based on your thesis or cell based
on your thesis
not based on hype
so be very very thoughtful about that
okay
watermelon you doing right now if the
answer isn't joining impact theory's
discord community all i can say is that
you are missing out you are missing out
on incredible fellow impactivists
missing out on exclusive content missing
out on direct access to me missing out
on what i was talking about in that
first sentence and you will miss out on
the biggest thing i will ever do you
will miss out on impact theory founder's
key this was originally code named the
full meal deal and it will be your
ultimate key to unlocking all the things
we are working on impact theory will be
leading the charge into this metaverse
blockchain nft space and i want to make
sure that you don't miss out this
opportunity will be huge not only for
impact theory but for you as you
navigate the new digital world that is
coming go to impacttheory.com
discord and click start here to get in
on the fun and i'm telling you this is
really the best community on discord the
choice is yours are you going to get in
or are you going to miss out there's a
link and more info in the description
copy all right guys take care and be
legendary peace
next question
what is a wallet is it safe how can i
put bitcoin in a usb and carry it with
me if bitcoin fluctuates so much in
price how can i make sure that i'm not
paying for a pizza in bitcoin that later
that same amount of bitcoin will have
made me a millionaire okay so there's a
classic story about somebody who bought
bitcoin for whatever however many 120
bitcoin that at the time was very very
little now 120 bitcoin would be millions
of dollars so
it is uh in fact if i remember right it
might have been thousands of bitcoins
because the last time somebody checked
the pizza ended up costing like 250
million dollars or something like that
so
there is no way to know that and this
would be like buying something with gold
over time that gold is going to go up in
value
one hopes so you never know if that's
going to be the case so the way that i
would think about it is
personally i don't put money into
bitcoin because i plan to sell it i put
money into bitcoin because it's a store
of value and i want to hold it across
time and space so when i invest in
bitcoin i don't care about the ups and
downs of the market in the short term as
michael saylor said when it comes to
bitcoin any time horizon less than four
years is just noise now the reason that
he picked four years if i'm not mistaken
is because that's when it halves uh its
output
a i don't understand that well enough to
go into the like nitty gritty of how it
works but there are what are called
miners and they're currently mining for
that next bitcoin remember there will
only ever be 21 million units but not
all 21 million units have been created
yet and so there are miners that are out
there slowly creating this over time and
there's a set schedule at which
uh interval they come out and every four
years
the amount of time and energy basically
that it takes to release those unmined
bitcoins gets cut in half so if it were
16 per block now
at the next uh four year cycle then it
will fall to eight and then four so on
and so forth uh so
that's why he says four years because
that ends up creating uh market dynamics
that change the price
so we're definitely outside my depth in
terms of being able to articulate the
having and the supply shock that that
creates
but willie wu is a guy that you want to
look up somebody that's got a really
he's very good at articulating these
movements and then while we're talking
about resources i will point you to
hope.com
which is michael saylor's website around
bitcoin i think you will be blown away
by he put that why he put that on
hope.com i think it's very interesting
now let's talk about wallets themselves
okay so a wallet as i mentioned earlier
is a an application basically and the
one that i recommend it's the most
common when you're dealing with ethereum
is
metamask so metamask is a chrome plugin
that is an extension on your browser so
you would search for metamask go to the
official site which will put the link to
the official site i'm pretty sure it's
metamask.io
um but you're gonna go there you're
going to
install it into your chrome browser
again i think that's the only browser
that it works for you get it in chrome
and now you set up your account you're
going to get something called a seed
phrase
whatever you're doing i want you to stop
and i want you to pay attention because
this is the
one of the most important things i'm
going to say
in the beginning remember i said part of
the thing that gets people excited about
the blockchain and cryptocurrency is
that it gives you sovereignty
when you take on bitcoin and hold it in
your metamask because maybe you bought
it in all cryptocurrencies by the way
let's say that you bought it on coinbase
they're the custodians of that
so
there's a saying in cryptocurrency not
my keys not my coin meaning if you don't
have this seed phrase to be able to
open and close
that the security on that to stop things
from flowing in and out then technically
coinbase or the government whoever the
government could come and put pressure
on coinbase to seize your assets whereas
if you have them in your metamask wallet
or you have them in a cold storage like
i mentioned earlier ledger ledger is a
usb drive that you can store your seed
phrase on now i haven't spent enough
time on hardware wallets to know the
exact mechanism by which it works but
it's basically a
a dumb terminal that can't be hacked it
has so little information and computing
power that there's virtually nothing is
bulletproof but there's virtually no way
to get into that thing so uh
it's considered as unhackable as
something is going to get so by putting
your access to your crypto onyx remember
your crypto isn't actually on that
that's your access to your crypto so the
thing that gives you universal global
worldwide access to your crypto is
something called the seed phrase now
when you create your meta metamask
wallet it will give you a seed phrase
when i say don't ever
ever ever ever under any circumstances
for any reason ever ever ever
don't ever give your seed phrase to
anybody else okay my wife doesn't know
my seed phrase now it's not because i
don't trust her it's because that's just
another point of vulnerability so
now you should be asking yourself though
but wait a second
if i'm the only one that knows my seed
phrase and something happens to me then
how would somebody else get my money or
like my wife upon my death or more
terrifyingly what happens if i lose my
seed phrase forget my seed phrase or i
get caught up in a phishing attack and i
give my seed phrase to somebody the
answer is you are [__]
that's sovereignty
there is no recourse if you lose your
seed phrase
whatever that was protecting so if
that's your metamask wallet like right
now
in my metamask wallet i shudder to think
how much is in there in nfts it's a lot
a lot a lot
and if i forget my seed phrase or am
dumb enough to give my seed phrase to
somebody
and i do have empathy for people that
have been tricked into giving their seed
phrase which is why i'm really going out
of my way to say don't give your seed
praise to anybody
if i forgot it or gave it to somebody
poof it's all gone
and you need to really think about that
but the great news is that nobody can
confiscate it so if you're the only one
that has it there's no way to get into
your metamask wallet there's no way to
hack that to get it out
and
that's doubly true if you have it on a
hardware wallet
so
you're trading
this inviolability
no one can take your money from you and
if you heard about what happened in
cyprus i forget how many years ago
but i don't know seven or eight ten
years ago something like that in cyprus
um
one day they just decided we're taking
10 of everybody's money to get the
government solvent again
now
you can't do that if you've got your
stuff stored on a hardware wallet
so that's why people do that but the
problem is that um
if you lose that seed phrase
there's no getting it back there's no
forgot my password
that doesn't exist so you have to be
really really incredibly thoughtful
about what you do with that
to circle back around to the pizza
question
the whole goal there is that by holding
your bitcoin it is going to go up in
value so if you're going to spend
like i said i spend ethereum and i hold
bitcoin but ethereum also goes up
and so that's a tricky beast and is
ethereum some people predict that
ethereum's gonna be bigger than bitcoin
and that one day it's gonna be worth
even more and if that ends up being true
you could be in the same situation so
part of how i get myself to sleep on
that one is that i just spend ethereum
so back and forth so casually on things
just like i would the us dollar that
it's like at some point your money has
to
function
so if all you want to do is hold then
use your us dollars for exchange
use your bitcoin ethereum as a means to
store value and just don't spend it
because no one i mean the whole hope is
that this goes up over time
all right
next question can anyone quickly and
easily create an nft
uh yes but this all comes down to
you want to create an nft that's awesome
now that could be an awesome piece of
art it could be an amazing bit of
utility and the image is very very very
basic and simple but there are places
that you can go that will allow you to
mint your own piece i'm pretty sure open
c will let you mint uh impact theory is
we have a sister company called renders
which is an nft marketplace for anime
and video game art
and there for people that are focused on
that kind of art you can mint
and what minting is is taking a jpeg an
image doesn't have to be a jpeg could be
a movie file like an mp4
but you're taking a media file of some
kind and you're
putting it on the blockchain now
sometimes and this will very quickly get
way too complicated but i'll just give
you a sort of little hint about how this
works so
if you go to some place like renders or
you go to openc
we make it easy for you to mint so it's
like we take all the complexity out of
it for you it's just a button um but
what's happening behind the scenes can
get far more complicated which you can
either if it's a really small file and i
mean really small you can actually store
it on the blockchain and this will be
different by blockchain i'm speaking
primarily about ethereum right now so
you can if it's very small you can put
it directly on the blockchain so
something like cryptopunx actually lives
on the blockchain
and
if it's a larger file then what you're
going to do is you're going to put a
hash don't worry about what that is
you're going to put a hash on the
blockchain that points
at the file which resides somewhere else
typically something called ipfs so
interplanetary file system uh
again you don't have to worry about what
that means for now but just know that
you have this thing on the blockchain
that says yeah that thing over there
stored on that server that's the real
one
and so that's how you're able to have a
large file that's
it's impossible financially to put that
on the blockchain so you have this thing
that verifies the actual asset which is
over on a server or somewhere else so
that's essentially what you're doing is
getting that
proof
of
who owns what
so it's a very simple process when you
use a third party if you want to do it
for yourself it is definitely a process
that you can learn but you're going to
want to find because to build your own
marketplace and the minting
functionality is going to be relatively
complex
but if you wanted to do that you would
need to either learn how to code in web3
the programming language on ethereum
specifically is something called
solidity you certainly could learn how
to do that
but
it won't be the easiest thing you've
ever done but it is very very very
possible and i will say that anybody out
there that's even remotely considering
computer science if you're wondering
what branch of computer science to go
into i would highly highly recommend
web3 the amount of money that we have
paid web3 developers to put together our
platform and the other web3
things that we've created is crazy they
are so in demand right now
but yeah that is
nft minting very very simple
all right
next can you give us actionable advice
how did you wrap your mind around nfts
and learn about them okay so for me
everything always begins with
learning those terms going in finding
the influencers and then really going
deep on learning the technology the
fastest way to learn something is to use
it so i started going in and the first
thing i did was build a project around
it that was that drop that i referenced
earlier called neon future it was a drop
based on a comic book that steve aoki
and i did together we created the nfts
together we launched it on nifty gateway
and that was like sort of an on-rails
experience because nifty gateway handled
all the contract writing for
the smart contracts which is what
they're known as on nfts you get these
smart contracts which allow you to
interact with that piece of art let's
say to give that piece of art properties
from who owns it to what can be done
with it there's all kinds of amazing
things that you can do now
that was my first exposure and i began
to learn about the underlying technology
as i learned about the underlying
technology by watching all these youtube
videos by going in to twitter and
clubhouse and listening to people talk
about it and watch people coding in
solidity like actually trying to learn
about the basics of the coding so that i
could understand what the technology was
capable of then once i did my first drop
again that on rails program where a lot
of it was done for me but i began to
really understand what this was and i
had a couple months of learning under my
belt then i went out and found my own
coder and said okay here's the thing
that i want to build and i've spent the
last six months building renders which
is that marketplace that i was talking
about for anime and video game art
which as i'm recording this it hasn't
launched yet but it will be launching
soon and so in that now you start really
getting under the hood now i'm working
with a tech team it's not like i'm
coding it myself but as you interview
people trying to figure out who knows
their stuff you start meeting people
that give you confidence that they
really know what they're talking about
and maybe you have and this is exactly
what i did i had some people auditing
other people so you just find these
people slowly i cannot tell you how many
people i've interviewed how long it took
to begin cobbling this stuff together
but it's extremely powerful as you spend
that time asking questions not being
afraid to look stupid you get a little
bit more information again first it's
learning the words then it's figuring
out in the case of tech who actually
knows what they're doing from a coding
perspective you hear somebody mention
something like for instance i heard
about open zeppelin that it was a
repository of smart contracts that you
could literally copy and paste so it's
like whoa that's a huge breakthrough
okay so that's going to be the first
place that i start then you start
hearing about people like manifold xyz
and you realize that they're creating
like this incredible library of these
very custom
smart contracts and so i was like okay i
want to know more about those guys start
following them on twitter start jumping
in their discord seeing what they're up
to and so you begin to put together this
information and even now compared to
somebody that can actually code in web3
i'm a total idiot but
i know enough that i can engage that i
can find the right people and that i can
build the things that i want to build
and over time as they say your network
is your net worth you start putting
these individuals together that can help
you create the things that you want to
create but it's about putting in a
relentless amount of time and energy in
the beginning i was spending
there were times where i was for sure
putting close to 40 hours a week in
research now i still maintain roughly 20
hours a week just in pure research
around nfts the blockchain uh
cryptocurrency bitcoin ethereum like i'm
in it i'm learning about it then on top
of that because of all the different
things that we're creating i'm
constantly dealing with tech teams
figuring things out seeing where the
hurdles are the stumbling blocks what
are the solutions and i'm engaging in
that constantly trying to understand it
and the easy way to understand it is to
say okay here's what i think is
happening repeat it right which means
you're going to constantly run the risk
of looking stupid because you say
something and the code of
that's not at all how it works but i run
that risk refine it find out what it was
that i didn't understand repeat it again
did i understand it this time talk to as
many people as you can
constantly saying this stuff getting
that feedback of what you understand
what you don't understand and you're
going to see as you're using that
knowledge right in a huge part of this
and using can just be saying it out loud
explaining it to other people
but then if you can get that second
layer of actually creating something
either learning to code yourself or
going out and building something with a
coder you're going to learn this a lot
faster and then you just have to keep
doing that for a very extended period of
time like i said i've already been
working aggressively in the space now
for about seven months
and actively building my own platform
for six months so it's like as you do
that stuff you really really begin to
learn but worst case
youtube videos
follow the right people on twitter go
into twitter spaces go into clubhouses
look for people that are talking about
this stuff learn as much as you can fill
all of the moments that i call
transitional moments as you're moving
around as you're cooking as you're
feeding the dogs as you're going for a
walk because you're stepping out to grab
stuff out of the mailbox whatever you
should constantly be filling those
moments with
information
all right
and again if you want to
[Music]
get any shortcuts discord is a
tremendous place to go and one of the
rooms that we have or uh one of the
areas that we have in our discord is
around this stuff so if you want to come
learn more about nfts the blockchain all
of that you can certainly head over to
the impact theory discord and we'll put
the link below this video
okay
now here is the most interesting
question
how do you imagine the future with nfts
okay
the reason that i'm so obsessed with
nfts is that
it is going to change
the world
in the same profound way that the
internet changed the world
so i want you to
imagine
as the technology begins to integrate
all the different ways that it will show
up in your life and my favorite example
to give people now is ar
so right now there are ar apps you can
take out your phone you can point your
phone at different things and images
will appear
and in the future
what appears when you point your phone
at it or when apple gives us apple ar
glasses let's say that we're walking
through a mall so not even something we
think of as being connected to the
internet but we go to the mall and you
know they've got those
posters on the wall
that you know have advertisements or
they have directories that you know you
can find all the different things in the
mall now imagine that those are blank
and where they have a qr code on them
and when you hold your phone up or look
at them with your glasses it reads that
qr code and now based on the nfts that
you have in your wallet that are already
connected to your glasses or to your
phone
it's going to populate that based on the
nfts that you have so imagine you have
that impact theory nft
and i know hey if you go to this store
in this mall you can actually get a
special discount that we've negotiated
with them
it's going to be things like that or hey
you're walking through the metaverse so
now the digital version of a mall or
whatever a game and you're walking by a
door and you're there with your friends
and you look at the door this could be
same at the mall same in the metaverse
right you look at that ad and you see an
impact theory logo your friend looks at
it and they don't see an impact theory
logo why because they didn't get one of
the impact theory nfts you're in the
metaphors a door appears for you but not
for your friend and there's an impact
theory logo on it you're like whoa
that's weird do you see the door
the other person doesn't see it you see
it you open you go in for some kind of
exclusive experience exclusive offer
whatever there are a million ways that
this is going to manifest but that
exclusive access getting uh advanced
copies of things getting advanced
information exclusive groups discounts
all of the above and more loyalty
programs
it is going to be absolutely insane what
people are able to do one thing that i
just encountered
literally two days ago was i happened to
have something called a board ape so
there was an nft project called the
board ape yacht club
and i
bought one of the board apes and now
because i had that there was this
virtual shop that opened up on a website
and the guy said hey if you hold any of
these projects and one of them was the
board apes then you have the ability to
mint a custom pair of this is going to
be hilarious for people that aren't into
nfts but you can buy a custom pair of
virtual shoes
that have your unique one-of-one board
ape on them
now that store is only accessible for
people that have that thing in their
wallet and let me tell you those shoes
as crazy as you're going to think i am
are some of my most prized possessions
because
they're only for me they're completely
custom if anybody had gone to that store
and they didn't have one of the
supported nfts in their wallet then the
vendor of this order looked just like a
vendor in a video game so you go up to
this vendor in the video game hey
welcome i see that you have some really
cool items in your wallet would you like
to mint these and it showed me all the
different things that i could mint and
then i went in and again you guys know
what minting is now so i click the mint
button boom they communicate to the
blockchain this image now belongs to
my wallet address technically but me tom
biliu so now i've got this thing now
it is a one-of-one pair of shoes it
could have been anything it could have
been a one-of-one shirt that they're
actually going to mail to me and maybe
later they say hey anybody that bought
those shoes you now have the ability to
buy that pair of shoes in real life
and you just have to have the nft in
order to have the ability to buy that so
you can imagine all the exclusive stuff
that nike does now they can do things
like hey if you want this ultra rare
shoe
like in real life an actual physical
it's only available for the
350 people worldwide that have the nike
coin and making this up i doubt that
they actually have a nike coin yet but
have the nike coin
and
have done taken some other action right
so i could do something like hey anybody
that's been in impact theory university
for more than a year
verified by your impact theory coin
the token
we can now give you access to something
special and
it it all happens programmatically so i
just
i as in you come to impact theory's app
we check your wallet we say yep you've
been in here for more than a year we
know it it's on the blockchain boom and
now we can make something available to
you and only you so it it just this
degree of customization this degree of
interactivity like i said going to the
mall somewhere out in the real world and
it's responding to you based on the nfts
you have creating options and
opportunities that other people aren't
going to have
and when you start thinking about these
these are just the dumb ideas that we're
thinking of in the 1997 version of the
internet
but nobody's thinking about the 2021
version of the internet and what that's
going to be like in 15 20 years for nfts
it's going to be insane and it's going
to integrate into every product i really
believe right now just as
virtually every business i mean that
they're of course always going to be
edge cases but virtually every business
should have a website strategy
virtually every business should have an
nft strategy and yes it's very early
right now which means you're more likely
to get adoption by the people that are
coming in you're going to get so much
disproportionate attention it's just
like when a new social media platform
launches in the beginning there's all
this crazy organic reach and then over
time that organic reach begins to fall
off because more and more people are
coming into the system there's more
noise now that doesn't mean that they
don't get optimized and of course there
are massive huge wins to be had even as
this stuff goes at scale but being an
early adopter is going to
enter you into a stream that has so much
excitement and momentum going on right
now that i think invariably the earlier
you adopt it the better off things are
going to be for you in terms of getting
exclusive access to things that people
aren't going to do in the future like
when i think about what the utility that
we're putting into our own um nft the
impact theory nft that we're going to be
doing it's [__] crazy it's literally
crazy we are packing that thing with so
much value because i'm super paranoid
that i want to make sure that anybody
that buys it gets
that upside and this may be the most
fascinating thing about nfts
nfts allow
communities to grow
with the creator
so imagine that you could buy a still
frame from
steamboat willie
disney's
genesis moment for mickey mouse
you can imagine
how much that would go up in value over
time just by being
the first time that we ever see mickey
mouse
now imagine that that actually gets you
things within the park or gets you early
access into the next marvel movie or on
and on it enters you into a drawing to
go on set for the next filming of you
know the marvel cinematic universe the
number of things that people can do are
limited only by their imagination
because now things are provable i can
prove that that's yours and by proving
that it's yours it means you capture
that value you can sell it
and then don't even get me started on
derivatives
this is going to be a whole thing that's
probably a topic for another video
but it is incredibly exciting to see
like those shoes so the shoes that i
talked about where it was based on my
nft my board ape
and the shoes were a custom they had
this my board ape on them
happened just like that programmatically
based on what was in my wallet that's a
derivative and so you get these insanely
talented artists because of the
technology able to do things like that
and that is just a hint at where all of
this is going
it's going to be massive it's going to
change everything
so buckle up
get ready learn about it
because if you learn about it you can
think from first principles if you don't
you have to copy
all right that's it follow me on twitter
i'm going ham they're talking about nft
and crypto and all that good stuff so
be there or be square
and if you haven't already be sure to
subscribe and until next time my friends
be legendary take care peace